Let us write a program for reversing a number.
If a number is given we want to reverse that number not just displaying we want to reverse of that number
as a number a single number.
Let's suppose if the number is 153 we want the reverse of that that is three hundred and fifty one.
How we can do that.
Let us get the basic idea.
How do you do that.
The procedure is similar to the previous video where we have check Armstrong and take out digits, same thing
but a little different.
So what is the idea.
Let us get the basic idea here first.
See we already know how to pick out the digits.
So First of all  i got 3.
Next time I will get five.
How to make this three and five together as 35.
If I add them they will become eight.
I want to make 35, how to make  35 multiplied three by ten a nine to five.
So this will become how much.
Thirty five.
Yes then no I have thirty five.
How do I make it as one last digit when i get 1.
So how to make it as a three hundred and fifty one.
So if you want to add a digit at the last of a current number multiplied by ten then add 1.
So multiply it by ten and add one.
So this is 350 plus one.
Three hundred and fifty one.
Then how that first three was added.
So this was zero into ten plus three.
That was three.
So you can see that every digit you take out multiply it by ten and add it right multiply a no.  and
add it.
So this procedure if you repeat digit by digit you get the reverse of a number.
So already i have number, you know how to take out the digits right.
We already know, this is the same logic we have to take mod and divide the number.
Now digits we are getting 3 5 1, how to make it as a number.
So for this we need one more variable, let us say 'reverse'
and it is zero
So first time  0 X 10 + 3 = 3 second time three into 10 plus five.
That's 35.
Third time thirty five into
10 Plus 1 is 351.
So this we are adding every time so present number is multiplied by 10.
And this is added.
So what is the statement here.
reverse is equals to reverse into 10 plus, 3 5 1 3 5 1.
What is that? r.
That's it.
If you perform these steps then in 'rev' we get the reverse of a number.
So already we know the whole procedure just one statement extra.
We are writing to form a reverse of the number.
Now let us write the program, so for that let us look at the flow chart. so flow chart is same.
I have added a extra line see if you this flow chart is same as the amstrong number flow chart there
I was adding the cubes of their digits now i am multiplying remainder reverse with  10 then adding
remainder
So this extra line I have done and at the end, I don't have to check anything just I'm printing printing reverse
off a number.
So the loop is also same.
Everything is same. now here,
I don't need sum I need reverse of a number.
Initially 0. then here a reverse of anumber is the reverse of the number into 10 plus r. at the end of the loop
a loop will get a reverse of a number.
So say reverse number is REV, we are getting it that's all. return zero.
end of the main function. this the same program just one line has change and it has became a new program.
See.
Again I'm telling you you are learning logic or the procedure so that you're learning right.
That's the first time next time we forget a similar thing then you can solve it.
OK.
So you must practice this one as much as possible.
So that's all with this program.
So you have to write this program and demo is also available.
Now next thing there are some coding excersices i will explain you about that you can solve them.
So i will remove this and I'll explain about it.
Yes look at this.
This is a number.
If i reverse it I'll get the same number.
So if reverse of a number is the same as the original number then we call it as a palindrome.
It is called as palindrome if you reverse this one.
This will be 1 2 2 1.
Same thing.
The reverse is also same so reverse is same as original number then it is called s palindrome.
That's all.
So you have to write a program or the coding exercises you have to write, where you have to check weather the
a number is palindrome or not.
How do you check first of all reverse it reversing logic is there, same procedure we get the number in
rev, then check it with n what mind one thing n will become zero.
Right.
We are going on dividing until n becomes zero.
So n will becomes zero.
So for that you should have 1 more variable m and you should store that m into N. see
This was for previous one, I did not remove it.
So m assign n you must do it then at the last outside loop you should check whether M and rev are same
if there are same it's a palindrome.
So this is what do you have to do as a coding excersice reversing you know just checking if it is the same
if it is same, then say it's a palindrome, otherwise not a palindrome.
this is about
palindrome i told you.
That is a coding excercise
Now there is one more coding excercise
I'll explain youabout that one also. my next coding exercise,
If a number is given like one hundred and fourty five you have to display our number in the words
one four five.
So the output should be one four five.
Display a number in words how to do this.
We want each and every digit then for 1.
We can display one.
All right.
For 4 we can display, if it is 1 we can display one.
so already we have seen in such case how to display the digits and words so the same procedure you can
use here.
But we want the digits 1 4 to 5.
How we can get the digits one seperate four separate five separate so reverse a number.
You can get the digits so take out the digits, but if I take out the digit I'll get 5 first.
I want one.
So that it reverse the number first.
So it will become 541.
Now take out the digits again.
So this logic reversing.
Again it has to be extended again.
Again you have to do a similar thing.
Take out the digit.
Now you get 1, one.
next 4 say four, then 5
Say five. so you have a coding exercise for displaying a number printing a number in words.
So you have to do it two times reverse it.
Then again take out the digits so thats all about this procedure.
So based on taking out the digital of a number one by one we have learned various things that we have
seen.
reverse displaying a number Armstrong Number, palindrome or not reversing a number displaying a number in
words.
So these are the various things that we can do.
Once you know how to pick out the digits of a number so that all, practise this programs and do the
coding exercise, do the programs also by yourself that's all in this video.